testing testing 1 2 3 4 design
hello hello can you hear me we're
rolling hi I'm Michael Moore in my
hometown of Flint Michigan general
motors close the factories and put
30,000 people out of work to raise their
spirits I made this movie
and went off to find GM chairman Roger
Smith to get some answers
boy was he hard to get to we're gonna
have to ask you to close I just miss
office call General Motors I really
don't know on the cycle I don't think
we've met you have an appointment this
myth is not in I don't understand what
you mind late so while looking for Roger
I got to know some of the people in my
hometown and bit better like deputy Fred
I'd see the person the way I would like
to be treated
Sheriff's Department and I met a
neighbor or two I was color analyzed by
someone in the IMS line to let people
who taught me to do colors and I've
discovered that I am another season
talked to a PR guy at TM because a guy
is an automobile executive does not make
him inhuman I've talked to enough of
them I know what their concerns are I
met some celebrities I was born here in
Flint but I don't know anything about it
and kept trying to find Roger
Roger wasn't talking but the critics
wouldn't keep quiet Roger and me
selected is one of the year's 10 best by
the New York Times
Judith Crist Siskel and Ebert this guy
the New York Post Cosmopolitan magazine
Gannett you searched the Seattle Times
The Baltimore Sun at Jeffrey Lyons sneak
previews the Toronto Globe and Mail
rolling stone and more so Roger if
you're out there listen to the critics
see this movie thousands have you enjoy
it after all I made you a star